When an incident suggests a known issue,
start by checking whether guidance already exists.
In service operations workspace,
knowledge search is available through the agent assist side panel.
Use the filter menu to confirm that knowledge is included in the search scope.
The search bar is pre-populated with the incident short description.
You can adjust the search terms if needed to surface the most relevant articles.
Your search results are displayed in cards in the side panel,
and you can preview the articles within the sidebar itself,
so you don't need to navigate elsewhere.
You can open the article in full view in a separate tab
to confirm the article content before sharing.
If the article is suitable for the affected user,
and it belongs to a knowledge base the user can access,
you can send it to them by clicking attach.
This allows you to send a link to the article with an additional comment.
The link will open the article in the appropriate
self-service portal view based on the user's permissions.